docs/web-apps.md, before:

# Using the web apps in the "Chat with your data" solution accelerator

## Chat app

This solution accelerator provides a web app used for chatting with the LLM using the data you ingest with the [Admin site](#admin-site). This app has a simple interface that enables you and your users to enter prompts and receive responses.

![A screenshot of the chat app.](images/chat-app.png)

## Admin site

This solution accelerator provides an "admin" site that enables you to upload, ingest, and explore your data, along with accessing prompt configuration settings.

![A screenshot of the admin site.](images/admin-site.png)

### Ingesting data

Using the **Ingest data** tab, you can add documents and index public web pages to be used as grounding data for Large Language Model (LLM) responses. Files that you upload will be chunked according to one of several strategies.

`<how is a chunking strategy chosen?>`

|Strategy |Description  |
|---------|---------|
|Layout    |  TBD       |
|Page   | TBD         |
|Fixed size overlap     | TBD         |
|Paragraph     | TBD         |

You can see the chunks extracted from your files in the **Explore data** tab.

### Prompt configuration

TBD


## Adding authentication for your web apps

By default, the web apps have no authentication and can be accessed through the internet by anyone with the apps' URLs. To add authentication (for example, restrict access to the app to members of your Azure tenant):

1. Go to the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/#home) and search for the app name you specified during publishing. Select the web app, and go to the **Authentication** tab on the left navigation menu. Then select **Add an identity provider**.


    ![A screenshot of the chat app.](images/web-app-authentication.png)

1. Select Microsoft as the identity provider. The default settings on this page will restrict the app to your tenant only, so you don't need to change anything else here. Then select **Add**.

    Now users will be asked to sign in with their Azure Active Directory account to be able to access your app. You can follow a similar process to add another identity provider if you prefer. The app doesn't use the user's login information in any other way other than verifying they are a member of your tenant.

Commit message:

feat: Chat History and cosmosdb implementation (#1288)
Co-authored-by: marktayl1 <marktayl@microsoft.com>
Co-authored-by: ahstanfo@microsoft.com <ahstanfo@microsoft.com>
Co-authored-by: Pavan Kumar <v-kupavan.microsoft.com>
Co-authored-by: malrose07 <maloryrose07@outlook.com>
Co-authored-by: Kiran Siluveru <v-ksiluveru@microsoft.com>
Co-authored-by: Rohini-Microsoft <v-rwalunj@microsoft.com>
Co-authored-by: Ajit Padhi (Persistent Systems Inc) <v-padhiajit@microsoft.com>
Co-authored-by: Pradheep-Microsoft <v-pradheeps@microsoft.com>
Co-authored-by: Roopan-Microsoft <168007406+Roopan-Microsoft@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/web-apps.md, after:

# Using the web apps in the "Chat with your data" solution accelerator

## Chat app

This solution accelerator provides a web app used for chatting with the LLM using the data you ingest with the [Admin site](#admin-site). This app has a simple interface that enables you and your users to enter prompts and receive responses.

![A screenshot of the chat app.](images/chat-app.png)

## Admin site

This solution accelerator provides an "admin" site that enables you to upload, ingest, and explore your data, along with accessing prompt configuration settings.

![A screenshot of the admin site.](images/admin-site.png)

### Ingesting data

Using the **Ingest data** tab, you can add documents and index public web pages to be used as grounding data for Large Language Model (LLM) responses. Files that you upload will be chunked according to one of several strategies.

`<how is a chunking strategy chosen?>`

|Strategy |Description  |
|---------|---------|
|Layout    |  TBD       |
|Page   | TBD         |
|Fixed size overlap     | TBD         |
|Paragraph     | TBD         |

You can see the chunks extracted from your files in the **Explore data** tab.

### Prompt configuration

TBD


## Add Authentication in Azure App Service configuration

1. Click on `Authentication` from left menu.

  ![Authentication](images/AppAuthentication.png)

2. Click on `+ Add Provider` to see a list of identity providers.

  ![Authentication Identity](images/AppAuthenticationIdentity.png)

3. Click on `+ Add Provider` to see a list of identity providers.

  ![Add Provider](images/AppAuthIdentityProvider.png)

4. Select the first option `Microsoft Entra Id` from the drop-down list.
 ![Add Provider](images/AppAuthIdentityProviderAdd.png)

5. Accept the default values and click on `Add` button to go back to the previous page with the identify provider added.
 ![Add Provider](images/AppAuthIdentityProviderAdded.png)
